this is the elevator at jcpenney look at
this it's got a bumper it's a bachelor
with Bob Cousy
50 works
- seems to be right out there yeah
fixture should look like they were
lowered
there's not much more to get for to
enrich it one more round trips
they're your fixtures Montgomery of
actor getting even more rare every time
nominating my film three pending center
we are I want yeah lots of money
that's nice salad is just lovely
it's a nice cab just your standard pink
done right back there
some Montgomery would do make your pink
88 compliant fixtures ah
they might
it's a rubber bumper
really likes that ceiling smaller
ceiling the interesting is this one is
sent to wanna touch that the other one
was sent to the Tyrone's forum are in
st. Petersburg for Dillard's about
warned aloud
but you know
employees are floating around here like
crazy